04/06
HubDB Build-Out Instructions for OHi
description: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uK1KWdt601jirBgVxdL0nNl-4qlMdbuPKIoJJ3ozOjE/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.cd8esojfwq8k

04/04
- Script mode test:
Add Last scene is not working
lock and go to next stop should go to Script page on Library page
- Universe mode test
when creating new project, there should be default selection for convinience
when creating new project, remove not only project but also remove library on store. and the Cast cash as well
if the next step is disable. please make the next button as disabled
when generating script, there should be loading spinner
when expanding on script page, it should expand as down,
when generating video, should save the project

04/03
1. in script mode, we need to go to script page directly here, update that button as Go To Script
2. there is not "Generate Script" button here, we can add script as manually in this mode
3. we don't need Universe page in script mode
4. in script mode, if we select Characters and Sets, the Script page buttons should be green
5. remove unnessary things on Forgot Password page
6. update button style for google sign in button on SignIn/SignUp page
7. remove status dot in avatar

04/02
1. Update Script page logic

04/01
1. initial SLA admin dashboard project
2. Add Users, Assets and Template pages.
3. Update Script Page for UI_v2

3/31
1. need some updating on the script page
 - I want to make extendable and collapsible for the Scenes on script page
 - need confirmation when deleting the new record on script page
 - also need stroke for the selected scene or selected shot.
 - if there is selected scene or shot, can add scene or add shot from the right panel without selecting specific Add shot or Add scene, and break down should work on the selected scene or shot.
 - and hide unnecessary tabs from the right panel
2. we need new admin UI to manage assets and also need template management for the director mode
   this template(already locked characters, sets, and story) should be set on admin page
   we still have not this kind of page yet
   and admin page should be used for only administrators. so no need beautiful design but need to be functional
3. the Story page UI updated, it means the idea generation logic updated


3/28
1. Integrate User Profile endpoint
2. Update User Profile info on Header

3/27
1. change "Locked" text to lock icon on Script page - done
2. update layout for Story page - done
3. update the UI to make it looks like chatting history - done
4. update filters, all the filters should same - done
5. change "Episode Locked" to lock icon, before lock, we need check box same as before - done
6. make this selectable and also editable in Story page - done
7. Add note function is not working as well on Universe page - done

3/26
1. Check: When script mode, we have different navigations: we able to go from universe to script but it is same as director and universe mode
2. Different play button can't play same time
3. integrate voice clone endpoint
4. character can view, can't delete - done
5. add All filter on Sets page - done
6. remove Character Personal code on Universe - done

3/25
1. Dashboard API integration - done
2. Library page api integration for the project - done
3. Lock logic implementation for the Cast and Set pages - done


3/24
1. Add Note on Universe page - done
2. Story View for mobile responsive - done
3. display a loading bar while the action progresses and the return value is reached - done


3/23
1. update library page layout, extends the video view, check by resizing browser and find suitable one.
2. set as we can go to library page anytime, separate library with other stages - done
3. insert validation check:
  - when user not select any character and going to do other action, show "Choose your character!" alert 
  - show Next button from the beginning and disable to press before selecting any character
  - on Set page, if user going to go to next page without selecting any set, show alert: "Choose at least one set!"
  - if set of the project store is null, disable next button and disable all the behind pages
  - before user pressing Go To Writers Room the next button should be disable. you can check it if the plot point of the project store is null, disable the next button - done
4. check original face image size and show uploaded face show to right panel - done
5. don't show again check box on modal. - done


3/22
1. Integrate Cloths, hairstyle, skin color endpoints and complete tab functionality of Cast page - done
2. update right show page of Cast page - done
3. when user press new project on project mode, there should be confirm dialog to ask "Are you Really going to close this project?"- done
4. update voice tab coz api updated on cast - done
5. update library page layout, maximize the video view - not done
